Canvas docs revamp (#4362)
beeware/toga: docs/en/how-to/upgrading/canvas-v0.5.4.md

## No list-like methods or automatic redrawing

`Context` objects (now [`State`][toga.widgets.canvas.State] or other subclasses of [`BaseState`][toga.widgets.canvas.BaseState]) previously had list-like methods for [manipulating their stored lists of drawing actions][creating-and-adding-new-drawingactions]. These methods handled redrawing the canvas when changes were made. These methods are now deprecated; the standard approach is now to directly manipulate the state's [`drawing_actions`][toga.widgets.canvas.BaseState.drawing_actions] list directly. You'll need to manually call the canva's [`redraw()`][toga.Canvas.redraw] method afterward; this is now consistent with the behavior when moodifying attributes of a [`DrawingAction`][toga.widgets.canvas.DrawingAction].

Existing code might look something like this:

```python
import toga

canvas = toga.Canvas()

with canvas.context.Fill() as fill:
    canvas.move_to(0, 0)
    fill.arc(50, 50, radius=15)
    rect = fill.rect(50, 50, width=15, height=15)

# Remove the rectangle drawing action
fill.remove(rect)
```

> 

Reviewer: Did you mean to include "should be updated to this:" here? Or are both of these examples of existing code?

Author: Thank you, good catch.

- `DrawingObject` has been renamed to [`DrawingAction`][toga.widgets.canvas.DrawingAction].

## Drawing methods have moved to Canvas

Previously, the drawing methods ([`line_to()`][toga.Canvas.fill], [`rect()`][toga.Canvas.rect], and so on) existed on the `Context` class (which is now named [`State`][toga.widgets.canvas.State]). In order to carry out drawing operations, these methods were called on either the canvas's [top-level context][toga.Canvas.root_state] or on a subcontext. All drawing methods should now be called directly on the canvas. For example, this code:

```python
import toga
canvas = toga.Canvas()
context = canvas.context

context.begin_path()
context.move_to(20, 20)
context.line_to(160, 20)
context.stroke()

with context.Context() as subcontext:
    subcontext.line_to(160, 20)

```

would now be written like this:

```python
import toga
canvas = toga.Canvas()

canvas.begin_path()
canvas.move_to(20, 20)
canvas.line_to(160, 20)
canvas.stroke()

with canvas.context.state():
    canvas.line_to(160, 20)

```

> Context managers (like [`state`][toga.Canvas.state] in the above example) still [return the state object in case you need it][accessing-specific-drawing-actions], but for most usage you don't have to pay attention to that. The canvas will automatically handle what to do when in or out of a context manager.

Reviewer 2: Probably worth calling out explicitly that "context management" is essentially managed by the base canvas:
```suggestion
Context managers (like [`state`][toga.Canvas.state] in the above example) still [return the state object in case you need it][accessing-specific-drawing-actions], but for most usage you don't have to pay attention to that. The canvas will automatically apply the drawing action to the appropriate state, handling what to do when in or out of a context manager.
```

In other words, existing code like this:

```python
with canvas.context.Stroke(20, 20) as stroke:
    stroke.line_to(12, 50)
```

should be changed to:

```python
with canvas.stroke():
    canvas.move_to(20, 20)
    canvas.line_to(12, 50)
```

### Keyword-only extra parameters

Toga's [`fill`][toga.Canvas.fill] and [`stroke`][toga.Canvas.stroke] accept optional arguments that aren't part of the HTML spec, such as specifying [`line_width`][toga.Canvas.line_width] within the call to `stroke`. These parameters are now keyword-only; `fill` can now accept only `fill_rule` positionally, while `stroke` doesn't accept any positional arguments at all.

### `fill_style` and `stroke_style`

One optional parameter shared between [`fill`][toga.Canvas.fill] and [`stroke`][toga.Canvas.stroke] is `color`; in `fill`, it sets [`fill_style`][toga.Canvas.fill_style], while in `stroke`, it sets [`stroke_style`][toga.Canvas.stroke_style]. Each has now been renamed to its more "proper" name, but `color` has been maintained as an alias.

## No list-like methods or automatic redrawing

> `Context` objects (now [`State`][toga.widgets.canvas.State] or other subclasses of [`BaseState`][toga.widgets.canvas.BaseState]) previously had list-like methods for [manipulating their stored lists of drawing actions][creating-and-adding-new-drawing-actions]. These methods handled redrawing the canvas when changes were made. These methods are now deprecated; the standard approach is now to manipulate the state's [`drawing_actions`][toga.widgets.canvas.BaseState.drawing_actions] list directly. You'll need to manually call the canva's [`redraw()`][toga.Canvas.redraw] method afterward; this is now consistent with the behavior when [modifying attributes][modifying-attributes-of-drawing-actions] of a [`DrawingAction`][toga.widgets.canvas.DrawingAction].

Reviewer 2: "standard" doesn't feel right here- it's more of a "supported API":
```suggestion
`Context` objects (now [`State`][toga.widgets.canvas.State] or other subclasses of [`BaseState`][toga.widgets.canvas.BaseState]) previously had list-like methods for [manipulating their stored lists of drawing actions][creating-and-adding-new-drawing-actions]. These methods handled redrawing the canvas when changes were made. These methods are now deprecated; the supported approach is now to manipulate the state's [`drawing_actions`][toga.widgets.canvas.BaseState.drawing_actions] list directly. You'll need to manually call the canva's [`redraw()`][toga.Canvas.redraw] method afterward; this is now consistent with the behavior when [modifying attributes][modifying-attributes-of-drawing-actions] of a [`DrawingAction`][toga.widgets.canvas.DrawingAction].
```
